Add blog reference (#686)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/dynamic-provider-credentials/vault-backed/index.mdx

 1. Use Vault's secrets engines as a centralized way to manage and consolidate cloud credentials management.
 2. Generate short-lived credentials without exposing their Terraform Enterprise instance's OIDC metadata endpoints to the broader public internet.

> The "Vault-backed" in "Vault-backed dynamic credentials" refers to Vault's [secrets engines](/vault/docs/secrets), which allow you to generate short-lived [dynamic secrets](https://www.vaultproject.io/use-cases/dynamic-secrets) for the AWS, GCP, or Azure providers. If you are using Terraform Enterprise and you configure your Vault instance within the same secure network, you can generate secrets while keeping your environment air-gapped.

Author: You're breaking my heart, but I understand 😂 

```suggestion
The "Vault-backed" in "Vault-backed dynamic credentials" refers to Vault's [secrets engines](/vault/docs/secrets), which allow you to generate short-lived [dynamic secrets](https://www.vaultproject.io/use-cases/dynamic-secrets) for the AWS, GCP, or Azure providers. If you are using Terraform Enterprise and your Vault instance  is configured within the same secure network, you can generate secrets while keeping your environment air-gapped.
```
